okay this is the start menu of Apple TV
all the free stuff is a XBMC put it
there go to videos down to add ons these
are all kinds of plugins on the
left-hand side I'm just with this camera
here can on demand danish live TV etc
the most the best one is icefilms this
is where all the free movies free TV
shows are so you can see TV shows movies
music stand up comedy etc let's say you
want to watch a TV show you can link
range by AZ popular high rated whatever
you want to go by so where let's say
what let's go by popular TV shows here
you got how i met your mother the Big
Bang fairy three family guy the simpsons
office Dexter so let's say that's a
popular let's say family guy so you go
family guy here that 1999 brackets
that's the first season it aired so when
we get in there you'll see you should
see multiple seasons here we go so you
got season not you got season 1 1999
season 2 season 3 season 4 season 5
season 6 etc so let's say you want to go
to season four
and you want to watch episode I guess
six Peter tarted or whatever here so
we're hit enter it'll bring up a screen
and it's going to essentially what it's
doing right now it's going to load
multiple sorta here here the sources
sources one two and three so there's
three servers out in the world that
hosts this movie if one is down you want
to try a different source it's very rare
that one's down i don't think i've ever
seen one go down let's just try sore it
was try source one now what's it going
to going to pop up the screen again and
it's going to buffer the movie for 45
seconds essentially what it's doing
right now the Apple TVs going on the
internet finding the movie and streaming
it or finding a TV show and streaming it
to the to its hard drive and saving it
so that when you're watching you're not
going to have a stuttering effect now
keep in mind yet you need to have a
decent cable cable or DSL connection you
don't want the lowest package that
Rogers or Bell has to offer so in about
15 seconds you'll see a little icon in
the bottom right saying working and then
within a few seconds the TV shows should
start
there you go so I'm just going to go
back to the menu here where's the menu
with all the plugins here so here are
multiple plugins a plug an essentially
different different software that you
can you can use to watch various things
for example let's go to us TV now so
these guys have about six or seven
channels that you can watch live TV on I
think that's CBC PBS etc is there so
we're going to live yeah here you got
ABC CBS CW FOX NBC PBS so let's say
let's go to let's go see what Sesame
Street is on PBS playing here this
showing buffer it should just pop up
there you go so there's the Sesame
Street streaming alive on PBS back out
of here if you're into adults stuff go
to their began various plugins for this
kind of stuff so wherever you want to
watch and then all these you'll have a
big database will play if I won't just
in case kids are going to be watching
this
yeah that's it